methodology fucking reason cities I have
an erection oh no oh it's gone hey
Austin was everything one second often
what should I say I know one second oh
I'm right here oh um well you see I was
um eating from mash potatoes upstairs on
my house fix your phone ido i was eating
mashed potatoes upstairs at my house you
see and then i bought this on galinha
gravy at walgreens and then I was port
me all my mashed potatoes and then an
accident like one of my socks no I need
you help me we're out of your scope what
are your crosshairs look like wait what
my xbox is not working can you please do
that for me oh yeah all right thank you
pay boy
oh yeah Thank You Fox consumers and
mortgages chat how can I help you today
um Jack you have a brother named Mick um
I had okay let me explain the whole
story again OMG I wasn't walking up my
stairs with some gravy because i was
eating mashed potatoes and then I
dropped the kool-aid on my xbox Xbox
well I have a custom xbox and I can't
see the back um like zero number because
I got covered up the front I no longer
oh you see that got covered up to but
it's custom the whole xbox okay um very
comfortable not able to turn on right
now sir no it's it's broken okay um I
have your phone number sir no sir your
email address please they're completely
okay y'all my phone number first all
right there at backs like a glass my
mommy's phone number what boy to the
phone number
what is it what is their rejection
hotline mom what's your phone number
and so you don't have an email ok ok I'm
back here it is to 12 XX is your role
there's go to 45 can you repeat me again
the 30 numbers I mean the phone numbers
for 2 12 660 til 245 i'm at starbucks
and they let me use a power strip why
are you sorry it's actually a great gift
that they let me play my xbox there but
my house I don't have anywhere to play
my xbox I don't have a house I do have a
concern my xbox is broken yeah you made
mention that your xbox with broken world
can you provide to me just real number
of your constable I already told you
jack it's not working my full name when
Milan first name is in full Benjamin
benjamin michael smith you were computed
Tony gym in you could call me gem in its
behind me it's like in the wall to your
father the cable that can write down
your hospital we have him call a Betty
Ann Woll you still have all the course
of the cables attached right not the
back of your console yeah okay can we
actually turn on the console right now
you can just log P up our towards the
world outside well the gravy still on
the power cord and then it's like a
little sparks came out you know I mean
ok welcome in a star player and well and
then like my wall is like all hi go
ahead of for the rest to a graveyard to
put the fire out to clean your xbox
first that pledge will bring your xbox
sorry cleaned it is already cleaning it
okay can we now go ahead and connect
with our forward to the console I mean
to the world outlet yeah we'll meet let
me point in hub